It turns out that in your eyes, our feelings,
Because you can buy food outside the line.
Got it, that's right,
Ten million, if you fail, you will not be charged this money.
If you think the money is not enough,
I can add another ten million,
It’s just that you need to know the appropriate values ​​for the test.
It pays money, our feelings,
There are only tens of millions, and the longevity is so good. Today is our seventh year,
I went to buy cakes in the morning, not the hotel,
In exchange, it’s your wedding shoe art,
Actually, thank you very much.
I am very, three years old,
Have you considered my feelings? Eat my food and use it in your house.
I'm from below
From step by step to becoming more fashionable
Isn't it you who doesn't rely on you?
I'm so disappointed, you know
It was just a mine truck that our Lord sent the day before yesterday, right?
I've prepared everything you need
But I came
You just don’t know anything about it
I wanted to bring it with my own hands for you
It seems now
Do I want it?
You take a broken building
Just want to lie to me
How ridiculous
Ridiculous thing about you
This is ignorant
To my other family’s heirloom
It can take the effort of ordering a dragon
just my wife
Only those who are qualified to wear
You are really a bit
My kind of dragon-earth skill, dragon-earth skill
But Long Di Kung
above all secular forces
I really shouldn't even think about dying.
Don't say such meaningless words again. Understand.
Your toys borrowed
I don't want
what i don't want
You have to be angry too
I'm not mad at you for what you want.
these three years
A role I don’t want to play
Those directors will come to you
Encounter before returning home
It's not the last hour
The other party will eventually go bankrupt
This is the old house
can get it all
You can get everything good
It's not that I'm leading him to help you
This young son is Tianjin
That is one
I'm trying to stay on the front line so as not to start a feud.
you on the front line
I have no intention of saying it well, you guys
You need extra money to do it
No need to waste money
And it can bring the career of money closer
The existence of mother
It’s the pace at which aristocrats and foreigners have money.
Do you see what I said about you?
You bought or borrowed
Seeing you is him
Why didn't you hold on so much?
He pulled it like this
I pulled our hands out
how do you explain
I don't need to explain my money to you
I hope you don't want me